Adds note about pinned mock date version (#50)
DevExpress/testcafe-examples: examples/mock-date/README.md

**Test Code**: [index.js](index.js)

> [`mockdate`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mockdate) is an npm module that allows you to substitute the current date. Note: you must use `mockdate@^2.0.5` as `mockdate@3.0.3` does not work in the browser https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/issues/49

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Mockdate](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mockdate) is an npm module that allows you to mock the current date. 
**Note**: This example uses `mockdate@^2.0.5` because `mockdate@3.x.x` does not work in the browser. Read the full explanation in [this thread](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-examples/issues/49#issuecomment-786572703).
```
